What CEO is coming?
Ah ok ok I'll get ready now
Everybody put down what they were doing.
Now go downstairs to meet the CEO
Hey, did you hear?
This group is especially in the CEO
It seems to be a woman
I remember there was a rumor that
Our CEO is already married
Is this the wife of the president?
Take this opportunity to inspect our
Mrs. President
Wouldn't that be better?
We're ready for the promotion, aren't we?
Didn't I tell you he mainly keeps a low profile?
Hello, I'm an intern.
Right? The CEO was late on his first day on the job
I think you don't want to mix it up
I'm the CEO.
You and I are also the wife of the president
Just your satchel with free shipping of 9 yuan 9.
It's not even a fraction of my bag
You think CEOs are all new machine wholesalers
Yes
The CEO didn't come
I am the head of the department
Is the quality of the employees recruited by the company so low now?
The CEO is addicted to acting, right?
Why don't you become an actor?
Hey, actors need a major
However, there is an actor
You don't need a degree
He's a good fit
However, it is not suitable for children to fight yesterday
Then I'm really going to contribute to the box office
Hahahaha
You must be the new CEO
The office is ready for you.
Come inside please
wrong person
Also, Brother Yue is now in the hospital.
I must find someone to temporarily represent the group
If I were to become CEO
Isn't it a matter of minutes to be his wife?
Yes, I'm the CEO.